Update README.md for lnd and cln cli (#32)
BoltzExchange/regtest: README.md

- lightning-cli-sim
- lncli-sim

> Sinds there will be running 2 lnd and cln instances, please use `lightning-cli-sim 1` to call an instance. Both `1` and `2` are available for lnd and cln.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since there are two lnd and two cln instances, use `lncli-sim 1` or `lightning-cli-sim 1` to interact with the first instance and `lncli-sim 2` or `lightning-cli-sim 2` to interact with the second.
```
